1.Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2
HTTP1.1:

        1.The first usable version of HTTP was created in 1997
        2.This first version of HTTP was called HTTP/1.1. This version is still in use on the web.
        3.It is an Application level Protocal for Distributed,Collabrative hyper media informations systems.
        4.It is load resources one after the others,So if one resources cannot be loaded,it blocks all the other resources.
        5.server only serves content to a client device if the clients it.
        6.It assumes that a TCP connections should be kept open unless directly told to close and without waiting for a response to each,greatly improving the performance.

HTTP2:

       1.The first original name for HTTP2 since 2015.
       2.It is major revision of the http network protocol used by the world wide web.
       3.It is use a single TCP connection to send multiple streams of data at once so that no one resource blocks other resourses.
       4.Server solves this problem by allowing "PUSH" content to before the client asks for it.
       5.The primear goals for http2 request and response multiplexing minimize protocol over head and add support for request priorization and server push.
       6.It has revolutionized web performance by introducing multiplexing,a binary protocol,header,comprehension,server push and stream priorization and new era of faster and more efficient web communucation.



2.Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript
     
     1.Objects is one of the important datatype in javascript.
     2.Objects are different then primitive datatypes. 
     3.Every object have property and value .This values can be accesed using this properties.
     4.Anymore an object is a group of data and stored as a serious of name value pairs encapsulated in one entity.
     5.Different ways of creating an object in JS.
        i write 1  methods only.if you want many methods please refer websites.
                1.Using the object of constructer 
                Syntax:
                    variable datatype variable name=new object();
                        new is a keyword
                        when we are type new keyword object will be created and constructer will be call automatically.

